---
description: These release notes provide information about features, enhancements, fixes, and known issues for the latest or upcoming Target releases.
seo-description: These release notes provide information about features, enhancements, fixes, and known issues for the latest or upcoming Target releases.
seo-title: September 2015
title: September 2015
uuid: d8d0b259-d848-4fa3-a4e1-e962f2bf726c
index: y
internal: n
snippet: y
translate: y
---

# September 2015


<a id="section_209FD0D5FA5B4EC2AEABB2CC7901612F"></a>


>[!NOTE]
>
>These release notes contain prerelease information. Release dates, features, and other information are subject to change.


Use the following links to view product documentation for Target capabilities:

* [Target Standard/Premium help](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/target/)
* [Target Classic help](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/tnt/help/)
* [Recommendations Classic help](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/rec/)
* [Search&amp;Promote help](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/snp/)

To receive advance notifications about upcoming product enhancements, sign up for the Adobe Priority Product Update:
[https://campaign.adobe.com/webApp/adbePriorityProductSubscribe](https://campaign.adobe.com/webApp/adbePriorityProductSubscribe) 

## Adobe Target Standard/Premium 15.9.1 (September 30, 2015) {#section_FC6412353DE64E848FFD5E8EFF72C7C7}

This release includes the following features and enhancements:


<table id="table_4BA8DA701BC64427957355E144570EFE"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry">Feature</th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry">Description</th> 
  </tr>
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Mobile Web Experience Composer</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>View your site as it looks on various mobile devices and different screen sizes. Set responsive site breakpoints once and use them across your activities to make sure your optimization activities look great on all the devices your visitors use.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Location targeting on form-based activity creation</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Apply targeting to your mbox locations to limit where your activity displays.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <!-- <row> <entry colname="col1">Export/Download Summary reports for Automated Personalization and Recommendations Premium </entry> <entry colname="col2"> <p>The ability to download data in a .csv format for quick import into Excel or other data analysis programs has been added to Automated Personalization and Recommendations Premium. </p> <p>This feature was previously only available for A/B, Experience Targeting, and Multivariate activities. </p> </entry> </row> --> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Background color selection in Visual Experience Composer for MVT and Automated Personalization activities</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>A color picker enables you to set background colors when editing Automated Personalization and Multivariate Test activities.</p> <p>This feature was previously only available for A/B and Experience Targeting activities.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Rich Text and HTML editing in Visual Experience Composer for MVT and Automated Personalization activities</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Text and HTML formatting in a word processor-like window when editing Automated Personalization and Multivariate Test activities.</p> <p>This feature was previously only available for A/B and Experience Targeting activities.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1" class="premium"> <p class="Premium">Recommendations</p> <p class="Premium">Form-based recommendations</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Create recommendations activities for non-site locations including emails, consoles, kiosks, etc.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1" class="premium"> <p class="Premium">Recommendations</p> <p>Display information about the key in the design</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2">Show the key item in your Recommendations design.</td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1" class="premium"> <p class="Premium">Automated Personalization</p> <p>Conversion-based report</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>If the optimization goal is a conversion metric, then the offer-detail report now shows the impact of the top predictive variables in lift and incremental conversions. This report was only revenue-based before, so this ability ensures that activities with no revenue data still produce relevant and actionable insights.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Adobe Campaign e-mail integration with Target Standard</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Previously, it was required to use Target Classic to set up a targeted e-mail campaign using Adobe Campaign. With the release of two new features in Target Standard (form-based activity creation and re-direct offers) it is now possible to use Target Standard to set up a targeted e-mail campaign with Adobe Campaign.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Redirect Offers in Form-Based activity creation</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Support for the redirect offers functionality of Target Classic added in Target Standard form-based activity creation flow.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Enhancement: Experience URLs in activities no longer use on-site cookie</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>The preview experience URLs available per activity are now more reliable. Easily copy the URLs and share with other team members, even if they don't use Adobe Target.</p> <p> <p>Note: Updated experience URLs only work on activities created after July 30, 2015. Older activities continue to use the cookie-based preview functionality.</p> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Reporting enhancement for Analytics as the reporting source for Target</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Click to view the full Analytics report directly from the activity report page.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Activity List performance improvements</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Greatly improved the load time for activities in the list. Searching and filtering are much faster, particularly when there are a lot of activities in the list.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <!-- <row> <entry colname="col1">Enhanced click tracking configuration </entry> <entry colname="col2"> You can now browse to a different page to set up click tracking for A/B and Experience Targeting activities. </entry> </row> --> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

**Fixes** 
This release includes the following fixes:

* Fixed an issue that prevented Target report suites from showing up in the Target report suite selector, after being enabled for Analytics for Target.
* Fixed an issue that prevented searching for activities by URL.

**Known Issues** 
The following known issues have been reported:

* When "Disable javascript" is enabled for pageA in a multipage activity, JavaScript remains enabled for all pages but the functionality remains disabled.


## Adobe Target Classic 15.9.1 (September 30, 2015) {#section_1616E44EF622457A8B5F490A1D0C883A}

This release does not contain any customer-facing updates.

## Adobe Recommendations Classic {#section_0561E753C94C4550A85DDC106DEAC62C}

There is no Recommendations Classic release this month.

## Adobe Recommendations Classic 15.9.1 (Release delayed until October) {#section_096DCBA473334DF68BB243A9E5CD0CF0}

This release includes the following enhancements:


<table id="table_A5921AF48F074813A9F748044C9A7AE0"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry">Enhancement</th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry">Description</th> 
  </tr>
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Changed the range of weights for weighted attributes</td> 
   <td colname="col2">
    <!--RECS-3658 --> <p>Recommendations ranking rules have changed for algorithms. This change affects existing Recommendations.</p> <p>Weighting rules increase or decrease the number of visits the system uses to calculate algorithm results by the percent specified.</p> <p> 
     <table id="simpletable_14FF9764DDB34103BFC19BBAD08EB223"> 
      <tr class="strow">
       <td class="stentry"><b>Previous Weights</b> 
        <ul class="simplelist"> 
         <li>10%</li> 
         <li>5%</li> 
         <li>0</li> 
         <li>-5%</li> 
         <li>-10%</li> 
        </ul></td>
       <td class="stentry"><b> &nbsp; </b> 
        <ul class="simplelist"> 
         <li>High</li> 
         <li>&nbsp; </li> 
         <li>&nbsp; </li> 
         <li>&nbsp; </li> 
         <li>Low</li> 
        </ul></td>
       <td class="stentry"><b>New Weights</b> 
        <ul class="simplelist"> 
         <li>25%</li> 
         <li>12%</li> 
         <li>0</li> 
         <li>-12%</li> 
         <li>-25%</li> 
        </ul></td> 
      </tr> 
     </table> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Serve-time filtering</td> 
   <td colname="col2">
    <!--Recs-3683--> <p>Catalogs and exclusion rule modifications are reflected on your site immediately after being updated. Updated catalogs and exclusions rules filter from the existing algorithm results. For example, if you have a catalog that contained items from BrandA and you modified the catalog to contain items from BrandB, and they were exclusive, then you would get no results until the algorithm ran again. However, if you modified a catalog to be more inclusive (for example, changing the value range from $10-$100 to $20-&gt;$80), then the runtime filter rule is applied at serve time.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

