---
description: These release notes provide information about features, enhancements, fixes, and known issues for the latest or upcoming Target releases.
seo-description: These release notes provide information about features, enhancements, fixes, and known issues for the latest or upcoming Target releases.
seo-title: Target Release Notes
title: Target Release Notes
uuid: bc2101b9-40a3-409a-8152-c439dc0e3813
index: y
internal: n
snippet: y
translate: y
---

# Target Release Notes


<a id="section_209FD0D5FA5B4EC2AEABB2CC7901612F"></a>


>[!NOTE]
>
>These release notes contain prerelease information. Release dates, features, and other information are subject to change.


Use the following links to view product documentation for Target capabilities:

* [Target Standard/Premium help](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/target/)
* [Target Classic help](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/tnt/help/)
* [Recommendations Classic help](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/rec/)
* [Search&amp;Promote help](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/snp/)

To receive advance notifications about upcoming product enhancements, sign up for the Adobe Priority Product Update:
[https://campaign.adobe.com/webApp/adbePriorityProductSubscribe](https://campaign.adobe.com/webApp/adbePriorityProductSubscribe) 

## Adobe Target Standard/Premium15.3.1 (March 26, 2015) {#section_FC6412353DE64E848FFD5E8EFF72C7C7}

This release includes the following features and enhancements:


<table id="table_4BA8DA701BC64427957355E144570EFE"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry">Feature</th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry">Description</th> 
  </tr>
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Visual Experience Composer improvements</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Content that only appears on hover, such as flyout menus and mini-carts, is now selectable for editing in the Visual Experience Composer.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p class="premium">Automated Personalization: Traffic Estimator</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>The Traffic Estimator, formerly available only in the Multivariate Test activity type, is now available for Automated Personalization activities.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p class="premium">Automated Personalization: Visual Preview</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Visually preview every content combination inside the Visual Experience Composer.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p class="premium">Recommendations: Improved content viewing</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>You can now see every item that qualifies for a collection or exclusion when viewing or editing the collection.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p class="premium">Recommendations: Improved search results</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>The total number of items that meet each search string is displayed.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Upload Customer Attributes in Adobe Analytics</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Analytics users who capture enterprise customer data in a customer relationship management (CRM) database can upload that data into the Marketing Cloud.</p> <p>Once the data is in the Marketing Cloud, you can, for example, create an audience segment in Analytics that includes customer attributes in the segment definition, and then share that audience with Target.</p> <p> <p>Note: Target is not yet able to consume raw customer attributes directly.</p> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

**Fixes** 
This release includes the following fixes:

* For Analytics for Target based activities, the Lift and Confidence columns are now hidden for Analytics metrics where the calculations cannot be performed.
* Fixed an issue where the short format of the `charset` metatag was not recognized in the Enhanced Experience Composer

**Known Issues** 

* Target-based conversion events for multivariate testing in Target Standard/Premium are not being reported when Analytics is being used as the reporting source for Target. This issue is expected to be fixed soon.
* mbox.js version 56 moved the "extra JavaScript" section so it is executed before global mbox. All settings in v56+ are name spaced. If there are functions declared in "extra JavaScript," they must be prefixed with window. See [mbox.js Change Log](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/target/ov/r_mboxjs_change_log.html). 



## Adobe Target Classic {#section_D8CE11487A0F49A1B1FC2BFAF5C45081}

There is no Adobe Target Classic release this month.

## Recommendations Classic {#section_096DCBA473334DF68BB243A9E5CD0CF0}

There is no Recommendations Classic release this month.
