---
description: These release notes provide information about features, enhancements, fixes, and known issues for the latest or upcoming Target releases.
seo-description: These release notes provide information about features, enhancements, fixes, and known issues for the latest or upcoming Target releases.
seo-title: May 2015
title: May 2015
uuid: 9961a19c-795f-417b-aa16-2946fe620a3f
index: y
internal: n
snippet: y
translate: y
---

# May 2015


<a id="section_209FD0D5FA5B4EC2AEABB2CC7901612F"></a>

Use the following links to view product documentation for Target capabilities:

* [Target Standard/Premium help](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/target/)
* [Target Classic help](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/tnt/help/)
* [Recommendations Classic help](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/rec/)
* [Search&amp;Promote help](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/snp/)

To receive advance notifications about upcoming product enhancements, sign up for the Adobe Priority Product Update:
[https://campaign.adobe.com/webApp/adbePriorityProductSubscribe](https://campaign.adobe.com/webApp/adbePriorityProductSubscribe) 

## Adobe Target Standard/Premium 15.5.1_Hotfix (May 28, 2015) {#section_D751F55A3812417FAA72BD6872AE3C2A}

This hotfix release includes the following fixes:

* Fixed an issue where the Estimated Lift in revenue checkbox was not visible.
* Fixed an issue that prevented the Create Activity button from displaying properly for some users.
* Fixed an issue that caused the Activity Name text box to disappear in the Visual Experience Composer while editing A/B and Experience Targeting activities.


## Adobe Target Standard/Premium 15.5.1 (May 21, 2015) {#section_FC6412353DE64E848FFD5E8EFF72C7C7}

This release includes the following features and enhancements:


<table id="table_4BA8DA701BC64427957355E144570EFE"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry">Feature</th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry">Description</th> 
  </tr>
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Custom code entry and editing in Visual Experience Composer</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Enables you to see, edit, and add new actions using a code editor within the Visual Experience Composer.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Add JavaScript and CSS to the top of your page</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> Add JavaScript code to your page(s) right below the <span class="codeph">&lt;body&gt;</span> tag, without requiring the selection of an element on your page. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>New Audience Creation Options</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>You can now target by the following (located in the Geo section when creating an audience):</p> <p> 
     <ul id="ul_FE1E3605FB8042E9B5E80C0DB0C6C2AD"> 
      <li id="li_6D112A4DB2344B4E9F1B84E943A43DD8">ISP</li> 
      <li id="li_5C95F3F55D194D81905F8138FB546288">Network domain</li> 
      <li id="li_63E3606516BC4FFC8C91E49297542464">Connection speed (options are: broadband, dialup, mobile, t1, t3, satellite)</li> 
     </ul> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1" class="premium"> <p>Recommendations Premium New Features</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> 
     <ul id="ul_6DC206CB52E34498BC762FCCF77807AA"> 
      <li id="li_B26568D642974F17B4B2D6E42CFDC5B9"> <p>New Preview mode to view designs with JavaScript</p> </li> 
      <li id="li_B8D1ADE874D244F198CBD3387ED3E310"> <p>Catalog Search now supports free search for English language</p> </li> 
      <li id="li_EB8D595EA8A84B37A3262F76543E1B05"> <p>Account-level support for inputting a static, base-url to prepend to all relative entity.thumbnailUrl values</p> </li> 
     </ul> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1" class="premium"> <p class="Premium">Recommendations Premium Enhancements</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> 
     <ul id="ul_1CF5F2D0CDE84DDC9C445B5CD878EEAA"> 
      <li id="li_EB225752776449C6B21C2B2514B508C5"> <p>Improvements to design preview in VEC</p> </li> 
      <li id="li_2CD8267EF166421DBB6EFBF704625848"> <p>Layout improvements on out-of-the-box designs</p> </li> 
      <li id="li_D737754C200844638B536A3BE02E9C5F">Collection shown in targeting diagram</li> 
     </ul> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1" class="premium"> <p class="Premium">Recommendations Classic functionality now supported in Recommendations Premium</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p> 
     <ul id="ul_E0D6A9C12B514DE3B3EA753BB4D56662"> 
      <li id="li_2A728C8938834162A0C0C1C926AC5DD9">Partial template rendering</li> 
      <li id="li_B1DFC829D19B4570AB5A7F937C7EF2CC">Specify backup rules per criteria</li> 
      <li id="li_F8C9690CEC974E37B72A85C2FACFAA6D">Support FTPS for product feeds</li> 
      <li id="li_3C0FA493C87345E4BE994936DF0D0162">Custom algorithms now appear automatically as criteria</li> 
      <li id="li_5B074C9FB3CB46EBA6EB4D8B1098480E">Hourly automatic reindexing of product catalogs for customers without feeds</li> 
     </ul> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1" class="premium"> <p>Automated Personalization: QA links added</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>You can now preview how your experiences will look when delivered. View and share links to your AP experiences on your site to get a "true preview" of the experiences outside of Target's Visual Experience Composer.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Analytics-powered MVT: Preview experience from Performance report</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>When using Analytics as the reporting source for multivariate tests, you can preview your MVT activities from the Performance report.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>A/B tests and Experience Targeting: three-step activity creation flow</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Create A/B and Experience Targeting activity in three steps instead of four. This change makes the process of creating these activities more like the workflow of other activities types, such as Automated Personalization and Multivariate Tests.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Analytics as a reporting source is available with most activity types.</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>The A/B with Analytics activity type no longer exists. The option of using Analytics as your reporting source is now available on the Goal &amp; Settings page for all activity types except Automated Personalization and Experience Targeting. As a result, there is no longer a separate activity type called A/B Test with Analytics Data.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Show external campaigns in the Target Standard Activities list</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>You will now see Target Classic campaigns within the Target Standard Activities list. If you want to filter out Target Classic campaigns and only view Target Standard you can use the "Source" search filter option. For example, to view only Adobe Target Standard activities select the source filter and type "Adobe Target" as the source. The ability to view activities created in Recommendations Classic or Adobe Mobile Services will be added in a future release.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Export Order Audit Report</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Ability to export/download Order Audit Report added to Target reports.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Beta: A4T lift and confidence</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Lift and confidence now available for Analytics' standard metrics and custom events.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

**Fixes** 
This release includes the following fixes:

* Fixed an issue in audience creation where changing operators deleted attribute values.
* Made improvements so custom-coded regional mboxes are selectable in the Visual Experience Composer.
* Fixed an issue in Recommendations where attributes with double-byte characters (for multilingual cases) bypassed inclusion filtering rules.
* All activity types now support activity names up to 200 characters in length.


## Adobe Target Classic 15.5.1 (May 14, 2015) {#section_D8CE11487A0F49A1B1FC2BFAF5C45081}

This release includes the following fixes:

* Removed "restart" based advanced counting options for A4T campaigns to align with Adobe Analytics definitions.


## Adobe Recommendations Classic 15.4.3 (May 5, 2015) {#section_6944D4EE4EF444118E0AEE5718F79FE7}

This release includes the following fix:

* Fixed multibyte UTF-8 characters not working properly for catalog constraints in Popularity algorithms.


<a id="section_096DCBA473334DF68BB243A9E5CD0CF0"></a>

