---
description: These release notes provide information about features, enhancements, fixes, and known issues for the latest or upcoming Target releases.
seo-description: These release notes provide information about features, enhancements, fixes, and known issues for the latest or upcoming Target releases.
seo-title: Target Release Notes
title: Target Release Notes
uuid: f50b091f-d631-45ce-8b59-5cdd502615f5
index: y
internal: n
snippet: y
translate: y
---

# Target Release Notes


<a id="section_209FD0D5FA5B4EC2AEABB2CC7901612F"></a>


>[!NOTE]
>
>These release notes contain prerelease information. Release dates, features, and other information are subject to change.


Use the following links to view product documentation for Target capabilities:

* [Target Standard/Premium help](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/target/)
* [Target Classic help](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/tnt/help/)
* [Recommendations Classic help](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/rec/)
* [Search&amp;Promote help](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/snp/)

To receive advance notifications about upcoming product enhancements, sign up for the Adobe Priority Product Update:
[https://campaign.adobe.com/webApp/adbePriorityProductSubscribe](https://campaign.adobe.com/webApp/adbePriorityProductSubscribe) 

## mbox.js Version 57 (April 21, 2015) {#section_EAB5CA3C2EC348DF921E2ECEC8D9C742}

The following changes have been made in this version:

* Auto-created global mbox for Target Standard is now delivered via AJAX. This removes the requirement for the mbox.js file to be the last item in the &lt;head&gt; of the page. The mbox now loads asynchronously, so strong QA is important to confirm that this does not cause any default content flicker on your sites before upgrading.
  This change might cause changes in behavior when delivering some offer types. Here are the specific conditions that will need to be considered:

    * HTML content returned as part of a "plug in offer" does not render correctly, but JavaScript within the offers executes as expected.
    * Dynamic offers do not work properly when used with the global mbox.
    * JavaScript offers that are being returned to the global mbox need to have the JavaScript code embedded in the `<script>` tag, and not referenced by a `src` attribute.


* Fixed problems reported in Version 56 due to changes in the Extra JavaScript section of mbox.js. All code in the Extra JavaScript section is again available in the global scope.

The following functionality is not supported in mbox.js version 57:

* Auto-created global mbox generated in Target Standard does not support dynamic offers from Target Classic. This means that in Target Classic, you must not select the auto-created global mbox from Target Standard when a dynamic offer is required.

* Only JavaScript plugins are supported. If a plugin's offer combines JavaScript code, and HTML, then the JavaScript code is executed but the HTML content is not shown.


mbox.js version 57 also includes important fixes:

* Fixed an issue that caused the SiteCatalyst plugin to not work in mbox.js v56.
* Fixed an issue that resulted in extra JavaScript errors due to scoping change.
* Revert changes to constructor of mboxFactory.


## Adobe Target Standard/Premium 15.3.2 Hotfix (April 10, 2015) {#section_70E18211B94D44769D359DA1CD2E7362}

This hotfix contains the following key fixes and enhancements:


<table id="table_C901596672AA48239E88379F1E4FBC78"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry">Feature</th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry">Description</th> 
  </tr>
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Support for loading websites with custom JQuery in the experience editor</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Previously, jquery was loaded by target.js. Sites that used custom jQuery experienced broken functionality.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>AAM Segment import</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Fixes an issue where segments failed to import correctly.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Imported segments listed in Audience Library</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Previously, segments imported from Target Classic did not appear in the Audience Library.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>


## Adobe Target Standard/Premium 15.4.1 (April 23, 2015) {#section_FC6412353DE64E848FFD5E8EFF72C7C7}

**Fixes** 
This release includes the following fixes:

* Fixed an issue in Premium Recommendations where the feed status becomes stuck at "syncing" when search input is given or a new feed is created.
* Fixed an issue in Premium Recommendations where the search result under the Message column appears blank for a product that does not contain message data.
* Fixed a problem that resulted in an Automated Personalization activity not generating the Offer Details Report.
* Fixed an issue in Premium Recommendations where larger thumbnails did not display in the search results.
* Fixed an issue in Premium Recommendations search results where the data under the Name column is misleading because it showed the name plus the URL.
* Fixed an issue in the Visual Experience Composer where a JavaScript warning appears and content cannot be edited.


## Adobe Target Classic 15.4.1 (April 21, 2015) {#section_D8CE11487A0F49A1B1FC2BFAF5C45081}

This release includes important optimizations and a new version of mbox.js.
This release includes the following enhancements:


<table id="table_F95BF7F3EC8A4C4D893130EFD7DC007C"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry">Feature</th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry">Description</th> 
  </tr>
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Reporting Optimizations</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Change to the way extreme orders are marked. The time frame used to calculate extreme orders is now the last month of data instead of from the start of the campaign. Also, instead of running the extreme order filter on an hourly basis, each extreme order is filtered immediately when the order is logged by Target.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Change to REST mbox calls</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Throttling has been added to REST mbox calls used to update profiles.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">mbox.js Update</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>See <a href="target_release_notes.xml#reference_4A966062C61048D1A81412E2DDB16E34/section_EAB5CA3C2EC348DF921E2ECEC8D9C742" format="dita" scope="local">mbox.js Version 57 (April 16, 2015)</a> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>


## Adobe Recommendations Classic {#section_096DCBA473334DF68BB243A9E5CD0CF0}

There are currently no customer-facing changes scheduled for this month.
