---
description: These release notes provide information about features, enhancements, fixes, and known issues for the latest or upcoming Target releases.
seo-description: These release notes provide information about features, enhancements, fixes, and known issues for the latest or upcoming Target releases.
seo-title: July 2015
title: July 2015
uuid: 458f3e92-10d2-4f63-b91b-8d691beac2d1
index: y
internal: n
snippet: y
translate: y
---

# July 2015


<a id="section_209FD0D5FA5B4EC2AEABB2CC7901612F"></a>

Use the following links to view product documentation for Target capabilities:

* [Target Standard/Premium help](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/target/)
* [Target Classic help](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/tnt/help/)
* [Recommendations Classic help](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/rec/)
* [Search&amp;Promote help](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/snp/)

To receive advance notifications about upcoming product enhancements, sign up for the Adobe Priority Product Update:
[https://campaign.adobe.com/webApp/adbePriorityProductSubscribe](https://campaign.adobe.com/webApp/adbePriorityProductSubscribe) 

## Adobe Target Standard/Premium 15.7.1 (July 30, 2015) {#section_FC6412353DE64E848FFD5E8EFF72C7C7}

This release includes the following features and enhancements:


<table id="table_4BA8DA701BC64427957355E144570EFE"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry">Feature</th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry">Description</th> 
  </tr>
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Activity change log</td> 
   <td colname="col2">The change log lists changes made to an activity. The action and the user are listed with a timestamp for each change.</td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Multipage activity</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>A multipage activity enables you to create a story over multiple pages, with a design that is specific to each page.</p> <p>For example, you might want to test an offer for free shipping with purchases above a certain amount. You might want that offer to appear on your landing page, a category page, and certain product pages, but you want it to be a different size and in a different location on each page type. You could display a prominent offer on your home page, then reinforce that offer with smaller offers on other relevant pages.</p> <p>You can also use a multipage activity to define different layouts for your desktop and non-responsive mobile sites.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Form-based activity creation</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Create an activity without using the Visual Experience Composer. Instead, choose locations and offers through a form. With this, Target Standard activities can be delivered in emails, mobile apps, kiosks, and other places that don't work with a Visual Experience Composer.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>New mbox.js</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Version 58 of mbox.js ensures the Marketing Cloud Visitor ID service is ready before the Target calls are made. This ensures that audience data shared through the Profiles and Audiences core service are available on the same hit. However, flicker can occur on the page while Target waits for the service to return, so full QA is important before upgrading. This mbox.js version is only available via API.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Configurable success metrics</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Fine-grained options let you determine how to count success metrics. Options include counting the metric per impression or once per visitor, and choosing whether to keep the user in the activity or removing them. This is equivalent to the "advanced options" for success metrics available in Target Classic.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Enhancement: Experience Targeting experience limit removed.</td> 
   <td colname="col2">The previous limit of ten experiences in Experience Targeting has been removed.</td> 
  </tr> 
  <!-- <row> <entry colname="col1">Enhanced click tracking configuration <TGT-9897> </entry> <entry colname="col2"> You can now browse to a different page to set up click tracking for A/B and Experience Targeting activities. </entry> </row> --> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Mbox.js management and editing options</td> 
   <td colname="col2">All mbox.js configuration and editing is now available within Target Standard. You no longer need to make modifications in Target Classic.</td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Real-time profile syncing for 3rdPartyId data</td> 
   <td colname="col2">When a site visitor logs in mid-session and gets a 3rdpartyId, all previously-loaded profile attributes tied to the 3rdPartyId are now immediately available.</td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1" class="premium">Recommendations Premium: Facet Name Search</td> 
   <td colname="col2">You can now search for a facet name.</td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1" class="premium">Automated Personalization: Post-goal metric tracking</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Previously, Target restarted an experience when the visitor hit the modeling goal. Now, users can be kept in the activity for tracking purposes after reaching the modeling goal.</p> <p>For example, often an Automated Personalization activity is used to improve click-rates, and that is set as the modeling goal. However, it's important to see how increased click-rates lead to final conversion, so tracking through the final conversion is essential.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

**Fixes** 
This release includes the following fixes:

* Analytics as the reporting source for Target is now supported for XT activities.
* Fixed an issue that caused the control experience displayed in Analytics to change once the activity became live.
* Fixed an issue that affected the enabling of target.js when newly provisioned users downloaded mbox.js.
* Fixed an issue where values after a # in a URL were considered part of the path during audience/segment creation.

**Known Issues** 
The following known issues have been reported:

* When "Disable javascript" is enabled for pageA in a multipage activity, JavaScript remains enabled for all pages but the functionality remains disabled.


## Adobe Target Classic 15.7.1 (July 28, 2015) {#section_1616E44EF622457A8B5F490A1D0C883A}

This release includes the following enhancements:


<table id="table_F95BF7F3EC8A4C4D893130EFD7DC007C"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry">Feature</th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry">Description</th> 
  </tr>
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">New mbox.js version</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Version 58 of mbox.js ensures the Marketing Cloud Visitor ID service is ready before the Target calls are made. This ensures that audience data shared through the Profiles and Audiences core service are available on the same hit. However, flicker can occur on the page while Target waits for the service to return, so full QA is important before upgrading. This mbox.js version is only available via API.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Real-time profile syncing for 3rdPartyId data</td> 
   <td colname="col2">When a site visitor logs in mid-session and gets a 3rdpartyId, all previously-loaded profile attributes tied to the 3rdPartyId are now immediately available.</td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Security Enhancement: Adobe employees default to read-only users</td> 
   <td colname="col2">Adobe employees with access to Target Classic (Customer Care, Consultants, Product Development) are now read-only unless promoted to editor or approver privileges by a user in the account.</td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Usage report enhancement</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> On the Locations &gt; Usage report, you can now see how many server calls come from the Adobe Target mobile SDK. See <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/developer/get-started/mobile/c-measuring-mobile-applications" format="https" scope="external">Measuring and Optimize Mobile Applications</a>. </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

This release includes the following fixes:

* Fixed an issue where values after a # in a URL were considered part of the path during audience/segment creation.


## Adobe Recommendations Classic 15.7.1 (July 23, 2015) {#section_096DCBA473334DF68BB243A9E5CD0CF0}

There are currently no customer-facing features scheduled for release this month.
This release includes the following fixes:

* The limit on the number of custom algorithms that can be uploaded has been increased.
* Intermittent Recommendations mbox refresh and host group loading issues have been addressed.

