---
description: These release notes provide information about features, enhancements, fixes, and known issues for the latest or upcoming Target releases.
seo-description: These release notes provide information about features, enhancements, fixes, and known issues for the latest or upcoming Target releases.
seo-title: January 2016
title: January 2016
uuid: c4adbcaf-e54c-4a2e-8c58-c3c3489ba720
index: y
internal: n
snippet: y
translate: y
---

# January 2016


<a id="section_209FD0D5FA5B4EC2AEABB2CC7901612F"></a>


>[!NOTE]
>
>These release notes contain prerelease information. Release dates, features, and other information are subject to change.


Use the following links to view product documentation for Target capabilities:

* [Target Standard/Premium help](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/target/)
* [Target Classic help](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/tnt/help/)
* [Recommendations Classic help](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/rec/)
* [Search&amp;Promote help](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/snp/)

To receive advance notifications about upcoming product enhancements, sign up for the Adobe Priority Product Update:
[https://campaign.adobe.com/webApp/adbePriorityProductSubscribe](https://campaign.adobe.com/webApp/adbePriorityProductSubscribe) 

## Target Platform Enhancements {#section_9B930A0320D244338B15A411D717315E}


* The Customer ID that is passed in the mbox request is now used as the `mbox3rdPartyId`.


## Scheduled Target Changes {#section_8295A808A4CE405C9DA2893E7935238E}


* Flash campaigns and other Flash-related items will be removed from Target in an upcoming release.
* Target interface support for Internet Explorer 10 is scheduled to end in the April release.
* Support for content delivery in Internet Explorer 8, 9, and 10 is expected to end in the April release.
* Support for `mbox.js` versions earlier than 50 will end with the April release.


## Adobe Target Standard/Premium 16.1.1 (January 28, 2016) {#section_FC6412353DE64E848FFD5E8EFF72C7C7}

This release includes the following features and enhancements:


<table id="table_4BA8DA701BC64427957355E144570EFE"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry">Feature</th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry">Description</th> 
  </tr>
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <!-- <row> <entry colname="col1">Export/Download Summary reports for Automated Personalization and Recommendations Premium </entry> <entry colname="col2"> <p>The ability to download data in a .csv format for quick import into Excel or other data analysis programs has been added to Automated Personalization and Recommendations Premium. </p> <p>This feature was previously only available for A/B, Experience Targeting, and Multivariate activities. </p> </entry> </row> --> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">User interface improvements.</td> 
   <td colname="col2">The Activities list and Audience list design have been improved, as has the search/sort functionality. Additional user interface changes will be included in upcoming releases.</td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">"Super" audiences</td> 
   <td colname="col2">Use nested AND/OR logic when configuring audiences.</td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Select host groups in reports</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Host groups are available in reports.</p> <p> <p>Note: This option is not available for Automated Personalization.</p> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Support for Internet Explorer 11</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Internet Explorer 11 is now supported in the Target interface.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">View Confidence Interval in Target reports for continuous variables</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Display the Confidence Interval Range for the revenue metric type (RPV, AOV, Sales, Orders), and for engagement metrics.</p> <p>For example, if RPV = 200.00 and CI Range = 50.00 , then this should be displayed for RPV: 200.00 +/- 50.00</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Visual Experience Composer URL rules enhancement</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Previously, the URL template rules in the Visual Experience Composer formed an OR condition with the Page URL. Now you can choose AND or OR when specifying multiple URLs. OR is the default.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p class="premium">Recommendations:</p> <p>Change in global mbox delivery coding</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>When creating a design, it is now the default to wrap an HTML design in a <span class="codeph">&lt;div&gt;</span> element. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Automated Personalization: Lifetime Value (LTV) machine learning reinforcement technique</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>This new algorithm focuses on long-term conversion across many sessions instead of focusing on improving conversion just in this session. This technique is suitable for sites with many returning visitors because it optimizes on overall revenue for the entire interaction with the visitor.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Enhancement: Allow targeting on hash (#) fragments.</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>You can now target on the part of a URL that follows a hash (#).</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <p>Download success metrics report</p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Download a single csv file with all success metric listed, instead of a report that only had the final activity goal.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <!-- <row> <entry colname="col1">Enhanced click tracking configuration </entry> <entry colname="col2"> You can now browse to a different page to set up click tracking for A/B and Experience Targeting activities. </entry> </row> --> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

**Fixes** 
This release includes the following fixes:

* Fixed an issue that caused all AEM-based activities as Experience Targeting (XT) activities. AEM now uses the correct activity types for A/B and XT activities.
* Removed an option to use non-conversion metrics as a goal in new Auto Allocated activities. This restriction will be lifted in an upcoming release.
* Fixed an issue that prevented deletion of a profile script created in Target Classic from Target Standard.
* Fixed an issue that wrapped a non-HTML Recommendations template in a `<div>` element when used in a form-based workflow.
* Fixed an issue that caused collision calculations to time out with a large number of activities.
* Fixed an issue that resulted in the CSV download showing the Summary report rather than the Success Metrics report.
* Removed "Unique ID" pop-up message that sometimes appeared when editing elements.

**Known Issues** 
The following known issues have been reported:

* When "Disable JavaScript" is enabled for pageA in a multipage activity, JavaScript remains enabled for all pages but the functionality remains disabled.
* Some interface issues might occur in Internet Explorer 10, including screen flicker and possible slowness.
* The Chrome version 48 update introduced an issue that causes the Visual Experience Composer to function incorrectly in Chrome. Google is working on a solution. For information, refer to [https://code.google.com/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=582603](https://code.google.com/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=582603). To work around this issue: 
    * Use Firefox or Internet Explorer.
    * Enable the Enhanced Experience Composer, which can be configured from within the ** `Setup` ** > ** `Preferences` ** tab.




## Adobe Target Classic 16.1.1 (January 21, 2016) {#section_1616E44EF622457A8B5F490A1D0C883A}

This release does not contain any new features.
In this release, support for Target Classic Onsite has been removed due to security concerns.
This release includes the following fixes:

* Fixed an issue where the 1:1 Content Report API excluded extreme orders.
* Fixed an issue that caused expression targets not to save correctly.
* Fixed a broken link from the MVT Element Contribution Report to help.
* Fixed an issue that prevented deletion of a profile script created in Target Classic from Target Standard.
* Resolved a data discrepancy between Target Standard &amp; CSV download.
* Fixed a defect that allowed the saving of an incomplete targeting rule without an error message.
* Fixed an error where changing the counting method did not change the conversion data.
* Fixed an issue that prevented the success metrics CSV file from downloading.


## Adobe Recommendations Classic 16.1.1 (January 19, 2016) {#section_096DCBA473334DF68BB243A9E5CD0CF0}

This release includes the following enhancements:


<table id="table_A5921AF48F074813A9F748044C9A7AE0"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry">Enhancement</th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry">Description</th> 
  </tr>
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Support for "&amp;" character added in category values</td> 
   <td colname="col2">The "&amp;" character is now supported in category values. Previously, the "&amp;" character caused recommendations to display incorrectly.</td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Custom algorithm limits increased</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>You can now use post for the Custom algorithm API.</p> <p>For GET and POST custom algorithm upload the 1000 key limit has been removed. Depending on your data around 1000 entity keys can be used for Get and about 25K keys with POST . However, no single key can have more than 500 values.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Onsite links have been deprecated from the Recommendations Classic interface</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>To manually specify a mbox for your recommendation, use the following workaround:</p> <p> On the Recommendations Edit page in your browser URL append <span class="codeph">&amp;mbox=NAME_OF_MBOX</span> and press <span class="uicontrol">Enter</span>. </p> <p>This populates the mbox name in the mbox dropdown.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Maximum characters allowed in feed name increased</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Feed names can now contain 250 characters. The previous limit was 64.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

