---
description: These release notes provide information about features, enhancements, fixes, and known issues for the latest or upcoming Target releases.
keywords: release notes
seo-description: These release notes provide information about features, enhancements, fixes, and known issues for the latest or upcoming Target releases.
seo-title: June 2016
solution: Target
title: June 2016
topic: Standard
uuid: 4252be32-e2f2-4c95-ac15-19158b63777f
index: y
internal: n
snippet: y
translate: y
---

# June 2016


<a id="section_209FD0D5FA5B4EC2AEABB2CC7901612F"></a>


>[!NOTE]
>
>These release notes contain prerelease information. Release dates, features, and other information are subject to change.


Use the following links to view product documentation for Target capabilities:

* [Target Standard/Premium help](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/target/)
* [Target Classic help](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/tnt/help/)
* [Recommendations Classic help](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/rec/)
* [Search&amp;Promote help](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/snp/)

To receive advance notifications about upcoming product enhancements, sign up for the Adobe Priority Product Update:
[https://campaign.adobe.com/webApp/adbePriorityProductSubscribe](https://campaign.adobe.com/webApp/adbePriorityProductSubscribe) 

## Adobe Target Standard/Premium 16.6.1 {#section_FC6412353DE64E848FFD5E8EFF72C7C7}

There is no customer-facing release planned for June.
**Fixes** 
This release includes the following fixes:

* Fixed an issue where some customers saw a white screen when trying to edit their page inside the Visual Experience Composer.

**Known Issues** 
The following known issues have been reported:

* When "Disable JavaScript" is selected for page A in a multipage activity, JavaScript is disabled everywhere, even though "Disable JavaScript" isn't selected on other pages.
* Issue with experience preview URLs for experiences with a redirect. As a workaround, in the Experience Composer, click ** `Configure` **, choose ** `Multiple Audiences` **, and add ** `All visitors` ** as the only audience. Continue to save your activity. This does not change the delivery of your activity, but allows preview to work. This will be fixed in the July release of Adobe Target.
* The documentation shows the expected behavior for the Redirect URL checkbox. However, due to a bug, the check ox does not show as selected by default. This defect will be fixed soon. To check this option in an existing activity with a redirect offer, use the following workaround:

    1. Open the Redirect to URL popup.
    1. Change the URL to a dummy URL and save.
    1. Change the dummy URL again to your campaign's expected redirect URL.
    1. Check the "Include Current Query Parameters" option, and save.

  If you check the option while creating a new redirect offer, you can expect your query parameters to be included in the redirection.
  For older activities, if this option is checked in the experience composer of your activity, it means your redirection will include the query parameters. If it is not checked, current query parameters will not be included in redirection.



## Adobe Target Classic 16.6.1 (June 28, 2016) {#section_1616E44EF622457A8B5F490A1D0C883A}

This release does not contain any new customer-facing features.
**Fixes and Enhancements** 

* If the client has specified "enabled - set 1st and 3rd party cookies" for the "Domain" option under mbox.js/at.js settings, then Target will not check whether the browser allows 3rd party cookies. Instead, the 1st party cookie will be set, and the 3rd party cookie will be attempted. If it fails, then cross-domain tracking will not work. Before, Target checked if 3rd party cookies were accepted before attempting to set any cookie, and this has performance implications.


## Adobe Recommendations Classic 16.6.1 (June 14, 2016) {#section_73DEFBD0EFA542F8A01B22A94B439CF2}

This release doesn't include any customer-facing enhancements.
