---
description: These release notes provide information about features, enhancements, fixes, and known issues for the latest or upcoming Target releases.
keywords: release notes;march 2016
seo-description: These release notes provide information about features, enhancements, fixes, and known issues for the latest or upcoming Target releases.
seo-title: March 2016
solution: Target
title: March 2016
topic: Standard
uuid: 5bc4378f-b742-44b5-adf3-0e294e1756aa
index: y
internal: n
snippet: y
translate: y
---

# March 2016


<a id="section_209FD0D5FA5B4EC2AEABB2CC7901612F"></a>


>[!NOTE]
>
>These release notes contain prerelease information. Release dates, features, and other information are subject to change.


Use the following links to view product documentation for Target capabilities:

* [Target Standard/Premium help](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/target/)
* [Target Classic help](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/tnt/help/)
* [Recommendations Classic help](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/rec/)
* [Search&amp;Promote help](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/snp/)

To receive advance notifications about upcoming product enhancements, sign up for the Adobe Priority Product Update:
[https://campaign.adobe.com/webApp/adbePriorityProductSubscribe](https://campaign.adobe.com/webApp/adbePriorityProductSubscribe) 

## mbox.js Version 60 First Look (March 15, 2016) {#section_EAB5CA3C2EC348DF921E2ECEC8D9C742}


>[!NOTE]
>
>"First Look" means that v60 is available for download via API and testing. Because of the broad changes in the file to use all asynchronous calls, we recommend a thorough QA process before releasing the file to your production Target implementation.


Version 60 hides page content only when the "auto-create global mbox" option is enabled. It uses the CSS `opacity:0` property for page hiding instead of `display:none`. This ensures proper delivery for responsive sites. 
Also in Version 60, if the `visitorAPI.js` file is present for the Marketing Cloud Visitor ID service, all mboxes are requested via an AJAX endpoint. This is required because Visitor API methods are asynchronous. One benefit of this approach is that the Start Render time is decreased dramatically, because mbox requests do not block rendering. However, this also means that all Target offer content runs asynchronously, so all offer code must be written accordingly. Offers containing `document.write` and other code that assumes it will run on initial page load will not execute as expected. 

## New Target Implementation Library, at.js First Look (March 15, 2016) {#section_6A44C277E82D409AB6DCD0901F43794A}


>[!NOTE]
>
>This "First Look" offering is available via API download. It will be available via the Target interface in an upcoming release. In the meantime, you can download the at.js library, test it in your environment, and deploy it in your production Target implementation.


at.js is a new implementation library for Target designed for both typical Web implementations and single-page applications.
at.js replaces mbox.js for Adobe Target implementations.

>[!NOTE]
>
>Although at.js replaces mbox.js, mbox.js will continue to be supported, although, for most people, at.js provides advantages over mbox.js. This gives you time to test at.js and to change the implementation on your pages.


Among other benefits, at.js improves page load times for Web implementations, improves security, and provides better implementation options for single-page applications.
at.js contains the components that were included in target.js, so there is no longer a call to target.js.
When implementing at.js, be aware of the following:

* Visual Experience Composer redirects do not work.
* Internet Explorer versions earlier than 8 are not supported.
* Asynchronous implementation means legacy integrations like the Test&amp;Target to SiteCatalyst plugin may not work.
* Target plugins that reference mbox.js objects and methods are not supported.


## Scheduled Target Changes {#section_8295A808A4CE405C9DA2893E7935238E}


* Flash campaigns and other Flash-related items will be removed from Target in an upcoming release.
* Target interface support for Internet Explorer 10 is scheduled to end in the April release.
* Support for content delivery in Internet Explorer 8, 9, and 10 is expected to end in the April release.
* Support for mbox.js versions earlier than 50 will end with the April release.


## Adobe Target Standard/Premium 16.3.1 (March 15, 2016) {#section_FC6412353DE64E848FFD5E8EFF72C7C7}

This release includes the following features and enhancements:


<table id="table_4BA8DA701BC64427957355E144570EFE"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry">Feature</th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry">Description</th> 
  </tr>
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <!-- <row> <entry colname="col1">Export/Download Summary reports for Automated Personalization and Recommendations Premium </entry> <entry colname="col2"> <p>The ability to download data in a .csv format for quick import into Excel or other data analysis programs has been added to Automated Personalization and Recommendations Premium. </p> <p>This feature was previously only available for A/B, Experience Targeting, and Multivariate activities. </p> </entry> </row> --> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Dependent Success Metrics</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>This features provides the option per success metric to count someone as reaching the success metric only if they've previously reached a different success metric.</p> <p>For example, a test might change the hero image on the homepage. The marketer might only want to count conversions for people who clicked the hero image. So, the marketer can set a success metric for "clicked on homepage hero" and then another metric for purchasing. Then, the marketer can add a rule on the "purchasing" metric to ensure visitors have first reached the "clicked on homepage hero" success metric.</p> <p> <p>Note: If audience targeting on a location in a success metric is set, this feature is not supported for that metric.</p> </p> <p>Dependent Success Metrics are only supported in AB, XT, and MVT activities. Automated Personalization and Recommendations support will be available later.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Auto-Allocate usability improvements</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>After the model for an Auto-Allocate activity is ready, the following operations from the UI are not allowed:</p> <p> 
     <ul id="ul_52B790B2B0D746769A3471E09CE1A122"> 
      <li id="li_B9F0FFF019CE4CB697F5D0B60061DC27">Switching the "Traffic Allocation" mode to "Manual"</li> 
      <li id="li_C271B0BE4C5C4B06BB21703239E7B061">Changing the reporting source from "Adobe Target" to "Analytics" and vice-versa</li> 
      <li id="li_E023DDA7ED9142B58D54F42904ADC994">Changing the goal metric type</li> 
      <li id="li_619F4765CEEC48E0A45E1821C282A082">Changing options in the "Advanced Settings" panel</li> 
     </ul> </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <!-- <row> <entry colname="col1">Enhanced click tracking configuration </entry> <entry colname="col2"> You can now browse to a different page to set up click tracking for A/B and Experience Targeting activities. </entry> </row> --> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

**Known Issues** 
The following known issues have been reported:

* When "Disable JavaScript" is selected for page A in a multipage activity, JavaScript is disabled everywhere, even though "Disable JavaScript" isn't selected on other pages.
* Some interface issues might occur in Internet Explorer 10, including screen flicker and possible slowness.
* The Chrome version 48 update introduced an issue that causes the Visual Experience Composer to function incorrectly in Chrome. Google is working on a solution. For information, refer to [https://code.google.com/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=582603](https://code.google.com/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=582603). To work around this issue: 
    * Use Firefox or Internet Explorer.
    * Enable the Enhanced Experience Composer, which can be configured from within the ** `Setup` ** > ** `Preferences` ** tab.




## Adobe Target Classic 16.3.1 (March 15, 2016) {#section_1616E44EF622457A8B5F490A1D0C883A}

This release includes the following fixes:
Fixed an issue where updates were not recorded in the Campaign Change Log if the campaign state was unchanged. These updates are now recorded.

## Adobe Recommendations Classic 16.3.1 (March 17, 2016) {#section_096DCBA473334DF68BB243A9E5CD0CF0}

This release includes the following enhancements:


| Enhancement |Description |
|---|---|
| Catalog search collection/exclusion enhancement |It is now possible to create collections/exclusions using `valueIsPresent` and `valueIsNotPresent` operands in catalog search.  |

This release includes the following fixes:

* Fixed issue that caused dynamic filtering to fail when attribute names include the underscore (_) character.

