---
description: These release notes provide information about features, enhancements, fixes, and known issues for the latest or upcoming Target releases.
keywords: release notes
seo-description: These release notes provide information about features, enhancements, fixes, and known issues for the latest or upcoming Target releases.
seo-title: February 2017
solution: Target
title: February 2017
topic: Standard
uuid: 423068df-7a7d-4db3-a552-793ce6bfe50b
index: y
internal: n
snippet: y
translate: y
---

# February 2017


<a id="section_209FD0D5FA5B4EC2AEABB2CC7901612F"></a>

**Last Updated: March 3, 2017** 

This section contains the following information:

* [Target Standard/Premium 17.2.1 (February 21, 2017)](201702.md#section_FC6412353DE64E848FFD5E8EFF72C7C7)
* [Adobe Target Classic 17.2.1 (February 22, 2017)](201702.md#section_4EA2D6078A9B42978A52EA71263CC270)
* [Adobe Target Classic 17.2.1 (February 22, 2017)](201702.md#section_4EA2D6078A9B42978A52EA71263CC270)
* [Product Documentation for Target Capabilities](201702.md#section_4CA76C0E8612402FAE0922103F05ACE8)
* [Prerelease Information](201702.md#section_7B9D4AAFC6A74388B9D7DEF0658D8B63)


## Target Standard/Premium 17.2.1 (February 21, 2017) {#section_FC6412353DE64E848FFD5E8EFF72C7C7}


>[!NOTE]
>
>`Adobe Experience Manager` 6.2 with FP-11577 (or later) now supports `at.js` implementations with its `Adobe Target Cloud Services` integration. For more information, see [Feature Packs](https://docs.adobe.com/docs/en/aem/6-2/release-notes/feature-packs.html) and [Integrating with Adobe Target](https://docs.adobe.com/docs/en/aem/6-2/administer/integration/marketing-cloud/target.html) in the *Adobe Experience Manager 6.2* documentation. 


This `Target` release focuses on usability and performance improvements and includes the following enhancements and fixes (issue numbers in parentheses are for internal Adobe use): 

* Added additional items to the Help menu that can be accessed from the top right corner of the `Target` user interface. New options include: "Blogs" and "Videos." The "Adobe Marketing Cloud Status" option is now "Adobe Target Standard/Premium Status." (TGT-22629) 

* When deleting an audience, `Target` displays a list of activities that reference that audience. Users can click each activity in the list to display its `Overview` page. (TGT-17997) 

* Improved `user.activeCampaigns` to return the campaign ID for all campaigns/activities that the user is in, even if he or she has not interacted with the campaign/activity in the current session. (TNT-26237) 

* The `Create Activity` button on the `Activities` page is now active before all activity names are loaded in the list. This improvement lets users create new activities faster, especially when the account has many configured activities. (TGT-21470) 

* Made enhancements to the Enhanced Experience Composer (EEC) to improve loading time for websites running HTTPS accessed via proxy. Target no longer fetches static resources via proxy. (TGT-21793)

* Made performance improvements on the `Goals &amp; Settings` page, especially load time when many metrics are defined for an activity. (TGT-21654) 

* Added a tool tip on the `Goals &amp; Settings` page of all activities using `Analytics for Target` (A4T) reporting informing users that a tracking server is not required if the activity's pages have `at.js` (version 0.9.1 or later) or `mbox.js` (version 61 or later) loaded. (TGT-22607) 

* Metric names now display on the `Goals &amp; Settings` page without users needing to expand each metric to view the entire metric name. This improvement lets users edit metrics quicker and more efficiently. (TGT-21276) 

* You can now apply `Recommendations` inclusion rules to custom criteria (uploaded via CSV), just like any other criteria. (TGT-21896) 

* Improved the user interface and usability of the `Offers` page, especially when creating or managing folders and creating offers. (TGT-22509 and TGT-22187) 

* Improved the user experience in the `Visual Experience Composer` (VEC) when selecting items to hide. 
  (TGT-22224)
* Improved the user experience when creating activities using the `Form-Based Experience Composer`. When choosing an mbox location, the validation border remains highlighted after clicking `Next`. (TGT-22221) 

* Enhanced the downloaded reports to differentiate between active and deleted offers. The following text is appended to deleted offers: [Deleted]. (TGT-22449)

* Fixed an issue that prevented older assets from displaying in the infinitely scrollable asset list in the Marketing Cloud Assets core service user interface. (TGT-19733)

* Fixed an issue where the extreme order setting was not honored in downloaded CSV reports. (TGT-21871)

* Fixed an issue where extreme orders were not marked correctly in the downloaded `Order Details`CSV report. (TGT-22500) 

* Fixed an issue that caused the incorrect order time to display in the downloaded `Campaign Audit` CSV report, even though the report displayed the correct order date. (TNT-26469) 

* Fixed an issue that prevented the `Disable JavaScript` option from working correctly on multi-page activities. (TGT-15130) 

* If you use the Form-Based Experience Composer with an mbox other than the auto-created global mbox ( `target-global-mbox`), and then choose an engagement metric as a success metric, the metric increments only on pages that have the mbox used in the activity. As an example, if your mbox is `homepage_mbox`, the `Pages Per Visit` metric is the number of hits to the `homepage_mbox` during that visit. 
  If this is not what you want, you can add another location to the activity and assign the global mbox to that location and give it default content. This workaround connects the global mbox to the activity and allows Target to count the metric for reporting.



## Adobe Target Classic 17.2.1 (February 22, 2017) {#section_4EA2D6078A9B42978A52EA71263CC270}

This release does not include any new customer-facing features or enhancements.

## Adobe Recommendations Classic 17.2.1 (February 21, 2017) {#section_73DEFBD0EFA542F8A01B22A94B439CF2}

This release does not include any new customer-facing features or enhancements.

## Product Documentation for Target Capabilities {#section_4CA76C0E8612402FAE0922103F05ACE8}

Use the following links to view product documentation for Target capabilities:

* [Target Standard/Premium help](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/target/)
* [Target Classic help](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/tnt/help/)
* [Recommendations Classic help](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/rec/)
* [Search&amp;Promote help](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/snp/)


## Prerelease Information {#section_7B9D4AAFC6A74388B9D7DEF0658D8B63}

To receive advance notifications about upcoming product enhancements, sign up for the Adobe Priority Product Update:
[https://campaign.adobe.com/webApp/adbePriorityProductSubscribe](https://campaign.adobe.com/webApp/adbePriorityProductSubscribe) 
