---
description: These release notes provide information about features, enhancements, fixes, and known issues for the latest or upcoming Target releases.
seo-description: These release notes provide information about features, enhancements, fixes, and known issues for the latest or upcoming Target releases.
seo-title: Target Releases  September 2015
title: Target Releases  September 2015
uuid: 89579a1c-98e1-4254-9ae8-5beadee69c6e
index: y
internal: n
snippet: y
translate: y
---

# Target Releases: September 2015


<a id="section_209FD0D5FA5B4EC2AEABB2CC7901612F"></a>


>[!NOTE]
>
>These release notes contain prerelease information. Release dates, features, and other information are subject to change.


Use the following links to view product documentation for Target capabilities:

* [Target Standard/Premium help](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/target/)
* [Target Classic help](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/tnt/help/)
* [Recommendations Classic help](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/rec/)
* [Search&amp;Promote help](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/snp/)

To receive advance notifications about upcoming product enhancements, sign up for the Adobe Priority Product Update:
[https://campaign.adobe.com/webApp/adbePriorityProductSubscribe](https://campaign.adobe.com/webApp/adbePriorityProductSubscribe) 

## Adobe Target Standard/Premium 15.9.1 (September 24, 2015) {#section_FC6412353DE64E848FFD5E8EFF72C7C7}

The goal of this release is to provide feature parity with Target Classic. The most commonly used features of Target Classic are now available in Target Standard.
This release includes the following features and enhancements:


<table id="table_4BA8DA701BC64427957355E144570EFE"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry">Feature</th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry">Description</th> 
  </tr>
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr>
   <td colname="col1">Mobile Web Experience Composer</td>
   <td colname="col2"><p>View your site as it looks on various mobile devices and different screen sizes. Set responsive site breakpoints once and use them across your activities to make sure your optimization activities look great on all the devices your visitors use.</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td colname="col1"></td>
   <td colname="col2"></td>
  </tr>
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Export/Download Summary reports for Automated Personalization and Recommendations Premium</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>The ability to download data in a .csv format for quick import into Excel or other data analysis programs has been added to Automated Personalization and Recommendations Premium.</p> <p>This feature was previously only available for A/B, Experience Targeting, and Multivariate activities.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Background color selection in Visual Experience Composer</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>A color picker enables you to set background colors when editing Automated Personalization and Multivariate Test activities.</p> <p>This feature was previously only available for A/B and Experience Targeting activities.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"></td> 
   <td colname="col2"></td> 
  </tr> 
  <!-- <row> <entry colname="col1">Built-in options for audience creation. </entry> <entry colname="col2"> </entry> </row> --> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Form-based recommendations</td> 
   <td colname="col2"><p>Create recommendations without using the Visual Experience Composer. Instead, configure your recommendations through a form. With this, recommendations can be delivered in emails, mobile apps, kiosks, and other places that don't work with a Visual Experience Composer.</p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1">Campaign integration with Target Standard</td> 
   <td colname="col2"> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <!-- <row> <entry colname="col1">Enhanced click tracking configuration </entry> <entry colname="col2"> You can now browse to a different page to set up click tracking for A/B and Experience Targeting activities. </entry> </row> --> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

**Fixes** 
This release includes the following fixes:

* Fixed an issue that prevented Target report suites from showing up in the Target report suite selector, after being enabled for Analytics for Target.
*
*

**Known Issues** 
The following known issues have been reported:

* TGT-11774When "Disable javascript" is enabled for pageA in a multipage activity, JavaScript remains enabled for all pages but the functionality remains disabled.


## Adobe Target Classic 15.9.1 (September 21, 2015) {#section_1616E44EF622457A8B5F490A1D0C883A}

This release does not contain any customer-facing updates.

## Adobe Recommendations Classic 15.9.1 (September 22, 2015) {#section_096DCBA473334DF68BB243A9E5CD0CF0}

There are currently no customer-facing features scheduled for release this month.
